iteracao 0
pid: 13460 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 1
pid: 13461 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 2
pid: 13463 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 3
pid: 13470 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 4
pid: 13471 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 5
pid: 13473 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 6
pid: 13480 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 7
pid: 13481 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 8
pid: 13482 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 9
pid: 13488 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 10
pid: 13489 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 11
pid: 13492 execution time: 2 s
total execution time: 2 s
iteracao 12
pid: 13495 execution time: 2 s
total execution time: 4 s
iteracao 13
pid: 13498 execution time: 2 s
total execution time: 6 s
iteracao 14
pid: 13508 execution time: 10 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 15
pid: 13976 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 16
pid: 13978 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 17
pid: 13980 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 18
pid: 14145 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 19
pid: 14161 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 20
pid: 14164 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 21
pid: 14172 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 22
pid: 14174 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 23
pid: 14202 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 24
pid: 14308 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 25
pid: 14309 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 26
pid: 14311 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 27
pid: 14312 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 28
pid: 14315 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 29
pid: 14318 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 30
pid: 16092 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 31
pid: 16094 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 32
pid: 16095 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 33
pid: 16097 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 34
pid: 16099 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 35
pid: 16100 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 36
pid: 16101 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 37
pid: 16103 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
iteracao 38
pid: 16104 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 16 s
